Worst Place I' ve Ever Rented. Proceed With Caution If Apartments.com offered a zero-stars rating, I would be using it for this tenant-trap of a property. Our disastrous journey began in April when the leasing agent sold us oceanfront property in Arizona -- in other words, her leasing spiel did not come close to matching reality. Our leasing agent stated that the building has a zero-tolerance policy for noise offenders and drug use. REALITY CHECK: As we were in the process of moving in and discovered the apartment was literally 90 degrees, we opened the series of patio doors to get fresh air. Well, if you want fresh air, forget that because what you WILL get instead is a steady stream of POT smoke. My partner and I are both highly allergic to pot smoke. We checked the lease: Use of illegal substances (INCLUDING medical marijuana) is strictly prohibited. We complained. Management shrugged it off. DRUG USE IS RAMPANT AND TOLERATED BY MANAGEMENT Five months later as I am suffering adverse effects to my health, and after numerous complaints to the new Property Manager it remains an unresolved issue varying responses to our email complaints. They state they cannot do anything about pot smoke from neighboring patios flood others' apartments. Latest response from management is, that despite what the lease agreement states, they actually DO allow medical marijuana -- always have and always will. When we brought this up to the leasing agent after the FIRST night in the apartment she said, "well, that IS the elephant in the room, isn't it." Are we to assume that every single twenty-something (and all of their partying "guests") and every forty-something who should know better (and all of their partying "guests") have medical marijuana use cards? Highly doubtful. SKETCHY VISITORS 24/7 It is a revolving door of the sketchiest, seediest people who come to visit and seemingly never leave. Not that the security team doesn't try to keep up with the influx of questionable 'visitors'. The second-shift security officer is a gem. But woe to those tenants who have a security-related issue after 11 p.m. when the night guard takes the post. I' ve seen the third-shift officer, on a nightly basis, wave in visitors rather than following the procedure to sign in guests. (Any apartment building that has to resort to requiring identification and sign-ins for visitors already has a bigger problem and is treating the symptom, not the disease.)


